after an hour I found on the forest
floor the rinds and cause of durian
fruit which I knew was the favorite food
of the orang utan I showed it to the
dire could come with me and he confirmed
what I had hoped the way in which it had
been chewed showed that it had been
eaten by an or angle town one must have
been here early this morning
we looked out to see where the food had
come from
and their 50 feet above us we saw a nest
did one sleep there I asked yes he said
one was there last night so the trailer
must still be warm and the ape was
probably quite close
a few minutes later we heard a crashing
in the branches ahead and they're only a
few yards away we spotted a great Ferdie
red form swaying in the trees
Oh
far from being frightened of our
presence he showed little inclination to
dash away through the trees but just
hung there screaming and breaking off
branches to throw down it
Oh
you